Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I always wanted
to be a good cop...
But there's no straight line
to that.
I always told myself
That the end would justify
the means...
But now that i'm at the end,
I can't justify anything.
It happened so slowly,
I didn't realize,
And so quickly,
i never saw it coming.
They're bisexual,
you know.
- Who?
- Lilies.
Each flower's both boy and girl,
a self-contained aberration.
Self-contained aberr--
what you're saying,
Every neighborhood in the
precinct is its own ecosystem?
No, i'm saying
they screw themselves.
Miss ortiz says she saw
some suspicious activity
In and out of a fourth floor
apartment.
Okay, what, drug activity?
19-year-old od'd
from a hot dose
He picked up from a renegade
in this area.
A renegade drug dealer?
Anyone cliqued up
with a local crew
Knows that we cleaned out
this block.
Right, right.
H.
Wait here.
Hola, princesa.
What a pretty scooter.
Did you pick those streamers
yourself?
I need you to do me a favor.
Can you turn around and ride
back into your apartment
And shut the door?
Let me see how fast you can go.
Rápido, rápido.
Police!
Loman, no!
Loman,
you see anyone else?
How many suspects?
Loman?
Loman!
You're dead.
You're dead. You're dead.
A video game?
I thought it was--
i mean, he just turned.
I just--
Did he reach for something?
Loman, focus.
Did he make
an aggressive gesture?
No, he just...
Stood up.
He pulled a gun.
No, no gun.
It was a video game.
Where there's drugs,
there's a gun.
His drink is still fizzy.
I mean, the game must have been
paused when we did the--
They'll understand that, right?
I--internal affairs?
We knocked,
identified ourselves
As the suspect
fired a shot through the door.
Harlee, i heard shots.
They sounded real.
You heard them, too, right?
I'll protect you,
but you got to trust me,
And you have to do
exactly as i say.
Take a step to the right.
I kicked it in.
You were first through,
squeezed off two rounds...
As the suspect
fired a second shot.
He shot twice?
Yes.
Breathe, loman, breathe.
Breathe, breathe.
The truth is in the paperwork.
Synced and corrected by VitoSilans
- http://subscene.com/ -
The rookie should go
buy himself a lottery ticket.
I mean, what are the odds
he would earn a notch
On his second day?
Come on.
Let me tell you, i had this
kid the entire shift yesterday.
He didn't strike me
as a gunslinger.
I don't trust rookies
or cowboys.
Or facebook or your husband.
And i'm right about all four.
Tell me the son of a bitch
won't have any use
For that ambulance.
Coroner's en route.
Rookie took a slug to the vest,
But managed
to put the dealer down.
Is harlee inside?
Yeah, she's fine,
not a scratch.
How we doing?
Are you okay?
Name's jamarr malcolm.
He runs with the northside crew
until recently.
They claim he's independent now.
Every corpse is.
He had some kind of connect,
sizable stash, cut and bagged.
Where's our girl?
In there.
Socks and sandals?
Yeah, they funky as hell,
right?
When i told you
to show the kid the ropes,
I assumed you'd work
your way into shootouts.
Never thought much
of training wheels.
That's because you
never needed them.
There might have been a second
man out the bedroom window.
Did you get a look?
White boy,
blue tank, yellow sneakers.
Did he have a bag on him?
Not that i saw.
Stash is in
the living room.
Yeah, well,
hopefully that's all there is.
I'll have the boys
look into known associates.
You need anything from me?
I always need you, woz.
Harlee, i'm asking.
Are we good?
How much do
you want to know?
i need to know?
We're solid.
All right.
I'll lob a call in
to internal affairs,
See if they can interview
you and loman
Tomorrow at the precinct.
Okay.
We're on ice tonight
at murphy's, all right?
Why don't you take the rest
of the day off,
Hold the kid's hand
for a little bit.
All right.
A bullet penetrated the door.
Officer santos kicked it in,
And the suspect made
an aggressive gesture after--
No, shooting the door
was the aggressive gesture.
Right.
We took fire.
You were first to enter,
Engaging the assailant
and shooting him in the chest
As he returned fire,
shooting you in the vest.
Why didn't you tell me
about the second bullet?
Because you would
have flinched,
And i'm not that good a shot.
That's my daughter's car.
Write it down.
"engaged the assailant,
shooting him in the chest
As he returned fire."
Cristina.
I'll catch up
with you guys later.
Ma, come on, again?
We talked about this.
I got you that car
So you don't have
to lug your cello on the subway
In the dark,
not to ditch school after lunch.
Officer,
i was getting a frappucino.
You cannot keep
swooping over like this.
I just came by to tell you
i have an extended shift.
What, are you okay?
Did something happen?
Rough day.
Better now
that I get to see my baby.
Okay, mom,
i got to get to class.
Okay.
Look, pick up
something to eat, okay?
I shouldn't be too late.
You have a date?
No, a work thing.
God, it's not that boxer,
is it?
I'm not dating anyone.
That all you got?
You're pretty.
That's the problem.
Hey, how about another date?
This wasn't a date.
Mm.
Don't be dicks.
It's your happy
you're not dead day!
Oh, is that why
we were clapping?
I thought it was
'cause she finally showed up.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Any chance
my gift is the last parka?
Who took my parka?
Oh, here, here, here.
That wet hair, i'd say
you already got your gift.
Remind me, sap, is your vow
of chastity self-imposed
Or one of the rules
at your mommy's house?
All right,
hey, hey, all right,
Are we gonna circle jerk,
or did someone collect?
Let's go.
$1,200 apiece.
Koreans on fulton still owe.
So does big chuckie
And the escort who works
out of the foot massage place.
And the boutique off bedford
is cash strapped,
Gave us merchandise
to hold us over.
Look at this,
alice and olivia, hmm?
What size?
Zero.
You want me to get
a shoehorn?
I'm thinking
about for cristina.
All right, sold.
Bring the rest to raj.
He's good for 30¢ on the dollar.
Harlee, there's a--
There's a new bookie
working out of the food trucks
On bay ridge.
Name is hame, hime, ham--
Haim.
Think phlegm.
Haim, whatever.
He checks out.
He's good, okay?
You meet him,
you collect,
And then you give him
the rundown, all right?
Now on to some
real police work.
Did the tox screen come back
on our shooter's heroin?
The lab promises bright
and early.
We got a few names
that could be harlee's runner
With yellow sneakers, none
with a permanent address though.
All right, well, he's working
out of our drug-free zone,
So he's not gonna be
in the book.
I want this guy.
Come on, saperstein,
i'm 50 short.
How hard is it to divide by six?
You owe me ten bucks each.
Let's go, come on, pony up.
Did you hear that?
You hear that?
Espada just bought us
all a round.
Why am i always the one
getting shorted?
You ain't the one--
waa.
How hard is it to divide
by six, though, for real?
No, no, no,
all i'm saying is my husband
Is texting like a teenage girl.
Still doesn't mean
he's doing one.
But, you know,
he bought a gym membership
That we cannot afford.
So what?
He's working out.
You want him healthy, right?
No.
Where you going?
I got that internal affairs
tomorrow, remember?
So what?
Joe's a stand-up guy, tess...
But if you
want a little insurance,
A little nut massage
never hurt anybody.
Good night.
Thank you very much.
One more for the road?
Bruce, you got change
of a hundred?
You guys are having fun.
What are you celebrating?
Surviving the day.
Huh.
Well, with you, i'd be happy
to survive the night.
Let me save you some time.
I don't do witty banter,
And chances are your follow-up
to that won't impress me.
I'm a risk/reward
kind of guy.
Sure took a risk
with that tie.
I hate to break it to you,
But i think that counts
as witty banter.
Here you go.
Thank you.
Need something, loman?
He coached kids baseball.
Who?
The man i killed.
He also carried a bag full of
heroin with a loaded .45 in it.
It's not right.
Come on, let's go.
I shouldn't have
done it.
I got to make this right.
There is no "i" anymore.
There's only "we,"
and we have a plan.
You remember that plan?
Look, i'll tell them
that i put the gun in his hand.
That way you don't have
to be a part of this.
Knock it off.
You're not doing this.
I don't want to be
this kind of cop.
None of us
are that kind of cop.
I have a daughter, okay?
Which means you have a daughter
Because that badge
in your pocket,
That makes us family,
And we love that daughter.
That daughter is beautiful
and smart and talented,
And she needs us,
And that's how this works from
now on until death do us part.
I saved your ass today,
which means tomorrow
In that internal affairs
interview, you save mine.
Look.
Listen to me.
Kicking in a door
after hearing gunshots,
Throwing yourself
on the line,
Baby, that's hardcore
hero stuff.
A hero who made a mistake.
I got you here.
I got you,
And you got me.
"we took fire.
I kicked in the door."
Mom, i love it.
It is so perfect.
That much practice,
You deserve to look
your best onstage.
Thank you so much.
Okay, which one for me?
Mm, what kind of look
are we going for?
Wholesome and honest.
Get a new wardrobe.
I'll wear the black.
Hey, so you can get there
at curtain.
Mr. Lewis said i could tape off
a few seats.
I thought students
weren't allowed to save seats.
Soloists are.
Soloist?
You have a solo tonight?
Only the bach concerto.
What?
I was gonna try and surprise
you, but i suck at secrets.
Oh, my god.
I'm front row center?
Are you ki--
mom, you're smearing.
Oh, my goodness.
Oh, this came
from the treasurer's office.
Everything okay with tuition?
Yeah, i took care
of it last week.
The concerto, really?
I got to get gas.
- So i'll see you tonight?
- Mm-hmm.
Cristina.
I love you too.
When's it due?
Two months ago.
The school's sending notes home.
You know, i knew
it was gonna be expensive,
But she's doing so good.
Got the solo tonight.
So you pay me back
next month.
I won't have it next month
or the month after.
Cristina's doing well
in this school, isn't she?
Honor roll?
I'm ten grand short, woz.
Our extracurricular
barely covers--
You'll have it.
I'm working on something.
I can't get into the specifics,
But it's juilliard-type money.
You'll have it, don't worry.
Hey, tox screen
on our shooter's heroin.
Jamarr was an amateur.
Cut the stuff
with a synthetic opiate.
Makes it hyper potent,
like a easy pass to an overdose.
And if our runner has this
poison and it hits the streets--
I want this guy picked up now.
Donnie pomp?
As far as internal affairs
goes, you could do worse.
And you lent him your office?
Home field advantage.
The assailant
was later pronounced dead
By responding paramedics.
What do you squat, harlee?
Squat?
Unassisted.
I've seen you at the gym.
What are you looking for,
A chance to brag
about your numbers?
I'm wondering why you
didn't let detective loman
Kick the door in?
I mean, he's got
a decent frame on him,
And then you,
as a more seasoned officer,
Could have been
the first one through.
Well, a bullet
had just ripped past me,
And i was in position.
With your weapon drawn?
Why don't we skip the dance
And you ask your real question, lieutenant?
A rookie from your unit
rushes in,
Opens fire,
gets hit in return.
All the while,
you never discharge your weapon.
Like i said,
As i entered,
i took an averted step
Around detective loman
And saw that the assailant
had been neutralized.
With a sig 45
in his right hand?
- Correct.
- That's interesting.
Try being there.
No, no, it's just
i have a prior arrest record
On your now-deceased shooter
That describes him
as being left-handed.
Can you explain that?
Well, either
he was ambidextrous
Or broke his left hand,
Or a copper flat-out
confused him with another perp
Because this assailant
shot detective loman
With his right hand.
Nah, i'm messing with you.
He wasn't a lefty.
I couldn't resist.
You should try harder.
Ten minutes earlier,
we would have walked in on it.
We came to question the girl
about her boyfriend,
Found her beaten unconscious.
Looks like raul mendez's crew.
The boyfriend
was on the fridge.
What's so interesting
about the boyfriend?
Earl barlow, been hanging
with loman's dead shooter,
On our short list
of known associates,
Seen wearing yellow shoes.
Well, i guess someone else
has the same list.
We know raul's not a fan
of unsanctioned competition.
Okay. Thanks.
Sorry to interrupt.
- Lieutenant, can i have a second?
- Yeah, come on in.
We're done.
Out of your hair
in a minute.
No, that's okay.
Take your time.
Okay, so that's him, the guy i
saw out the window, earl barlow.
Sap and tufo traced him back
to his girlfriend's place.
She give him up?
No, unconscious.
She took a beating.
Witness put
on raul mendez's crew.
Son of a bitch.
I'll take care of raul.
Go sign up that bookie, haim
or ham or whatever it is.
He called again.
You're sending loman
back to the field?
It's a clean shoot.
Internal affairs
cleared you both.
Woz...
It wasn't a clean shoot.
You don't say.
I took care of it.
All donnie got from me
was a closed file.
No, what he got is a file
that he didn't want to touch.
If he cleared us,
what's the difference?
The difference is
you blinked.
Tell me i didn't see
you blink up there.
Look, the brass
pushes this newbie on us.
You tell me to ride with him.
I ride with him.
I don't need
to hear the details.
I tell him to wait
at the door--
I don't need
to hear the details!
Then why are you
punching me on this?
You want to save a pup
from drowning.
I appreciate the instinct.
I admire it.
Maybe we even use the kid
someday,
But never risk
a hole in my boat
Unless you're positive
you can plug it.
Loman's not ready
to get back out there.
I'm not even sure
he wants--
Just--just leave
the rookie to me.
He's one of us now.
Harlee, don't get wobbly.
One slip at the wrong time,
And we all go tumbling down,
And i don't tumble well.
This was my father's trade.
He taught me
it was a sacred profession.
Clearly an honorable front.
Do you know why people
keep the ashes?
So they don't forget.
A reminder.
I need to remind you
about our understanding, raul?
Oh, I remember.
You wanted to protect parks
and schools from the drug trade.
I trusted your assurance
That no one else
will push into that territory.
This isn't about your turf.
The dope's cut hot.
I need to get it
all off the street.
You cracked the skull
of my only lead.
I don't think you're
appreciating my situation.
I can't look like a bitch.
You don't dispense
street justice in my precinct.
Now, where is he?
The girlfriend never
gave him up.
Tough girl.
Don't worry,
i'll find him.
No more mayhem, raul.
We both want what's best
for the community, lieutenant.
I think you know
what that's going to take.
Let me explain to you
how this works.
I tolerate you because you
keep your business contained
And you don't cause me
any aggravation.
We both know that
if i burned you down tonight,
Some punk phoenix
would rise from your ashes,
And i'm already
starting to like him better.
How's that for a reminder?
Ground rules are simple.
No dog fights, no cock fights,
Absolutely no minors.
You stick to the payments, haim,
And we shouldn't have
any problems.
What kind of payments?
15% should take care
of any external threats.
And vice?
Best we can do there
is give you a heads-up
If they're looking at you.
Vice is half my problem.
Half the problem, half the fee.
Look, you pay to play.
We don't negotiate.
15 against a grand gets you
in the game, end of story.
You in?
You like chicken shawarma?
I've never been a fan.
I'm willing
to give it another try.
Get on the ground.
You're under arrest for
attempted bribery
Of a police officer.
Police, nypd.
Fbi, darling.
Nice try.
Lower the weapon,
detective santos.
It's you who's under arrest.
What, no witty banter?
You're the tie from the bar.
Special agent stahl,
anti-corruption task force.
You can go ahead
and take a peek at those.
We've been following
you for over a month.
Street-level cop taking
tribute in brooklyn,
That'll win you a medal.
Not so much,
But it will win you
eight to ten years.
Provided your cooperation
leads to convictions,
We'll grant you full immunity,
Even recommend
that you keep your pension.
Want to throw in a little
something to sweeten the pot?
Say, my self respect?
Something i can use
to buy back my soul?
Well, there is
the other option.
How do you like jumpsuits?
You have no idea
what it takes to be a good cop.
Does every cop walk
into a jersey casino last month
And cash in $50,000 in chips?
You don't get it.
Violent crime is down,
Drugs and gangs away
from schools
Because of this unit,
because of wozniak.
A good cop might conclude that
wozniak's been taking payoffs
And laundered money.
Go after cops who are tearing
communities apart,
Not the ones who are trying
to hold them together.
Corruption is corruption,
detective.
Your boss is making moves.
Speak of the devil.
You want me to answer it?
Consider it an audition.
Harlee, where are you?
I couldn't make the deal
with the bookie.
He wanted too many guarantees.
I can't pronounce
the guy's name anyhow.
I just left the mortuary.
Raul's standing down.
Look, the crew's gonna be
hitting the streets, all right?
We're gonna find out if this
earl idiot is still dealing.
I need you to be there.
Can you give me an hour?
I can't.
Cristina's car got hit.
What?
What happened?
Is she okay?
- Yeah, no, she's fine.
Her friend borrowed it
and smashed in the front end.
All right, well--
well, what the hell
Are you talking to me for?
Go take care of her.
Tell her I love her.
That wasn't so hard.
Look, if you planned
this whole thing
Thinking i was gonna rat
out my crew,
You need to fire your profiler.
Think so?
I figured at least a couple
of your pals
Might actually consider
doing the time,
But you--you have a daughter,
don't you?
A daughter who needs you.
It's just the two of you,
isn't it?
You can give your daughter
her blouse
And maintain
her sense of normalcy,
But i need to know
we have a deal.
I need to think about it.
You're not getting
the basic concept here.
You're holding my daughter's
recital hostage now too?
Your life changed
three hours ago, detective.
You need to start
accepting that fact.
Hers doesn't need to.
Two minutes,
Otherwise I'll be left feeling
you'd rather be behind bars.
Oh, my god, you are my savior.
What took you so long?
Late arrest,
the wagon broke down.
Mom, it was
a rhetorical question.
You know i'm so proud
of you, right?
You know, i know you've worked
so hard for this.
Mom, you're gonna jinx me.
Could you just
tell me later, please?
That's the thing.
I can't stay.
Now, you know
i wouldn't miss this
Unless it was something
important, right?
Yeah.
I get it.
Baby, you're gonna be s--
Hey, we saved you a seat.
Hey.
Hey, what are you doing here?
You think we'd miss this?
Our girl's got a solo.
Excuse me, is this taken?
No, go right ahead.
Thank you.
Get away from me.
He's not stupid.
Tell me that you're in,
And you can stay here
with your daughter.
You can attend every one
of her concerts in the future,
But if you warn wozniak
about any of this in any way,
I'll know,
And i'll haul your ass to jail.
So what's it gonna be, harlee?
I need to know right now.
Are you in, or are you out?
He's coming over here.
In or out?
In.
- Incredible.
- Thank you.
Talented beyond her years.
You know,
she works hard at it.
There you go,
independent confirmation.
I can't believe how much poise
she had after her car got hit.
Yeah.
You know what?
Maybe we don't mention that.
Of course.
Ah, there she is,
carnegie hall.
You were great.
Thanks, uncle woz.
Flat out amazing, honey.
Thank you.
I'm glad you stayed.
it was beautiful.
Thank you.
I got to go.
Duty calls.
Your runner's girlfriend
woke up talking.
I got the address.
You were great, excellent.
See you at home.
Earl spotted us
on the platform and jetted.
Tiger jacket
and yellow kicks.
I got him.
Suspect running east on 64th.
Get on the ground!
Get on the ground now!
Loman, he's yours!
Police, stop!
Stop right there!
He's yours!
stop! Police!
Stop!
Don't make me chase you!
Get on the ground!
Suspect last seen westbound
on 65th.
Got to hand it to you, earl.
That's how you resist arrest.
Little help?
You got him, good job.
i didn't do nothing.
That's a hard sell
after ten blocks.
Jason bourne?
I plugged my contact info
into your phone.
You can change the name
to whatever you remember.
I can think of a few names.
Sunset pier,
salt silo, 3:00 p.m.
If you're not there,
i come get you.
Is that your daddy calling?
Anything else?
- Yeah.
I just wanted to say i'm looking
forward to working with you,
And that's--
That's--
Hey.
Earl took me to the rest
of the bad dope.
He had it
in a laundromat basement.
Caper closed,
peace on the streets.
Yeah.
I forgot to tell you,
7:30 tomorrow morning
A tow truck's coming
to your house.
Tow truck?
Yeah, for cristina's car.
You said she banged it up.
Rodney over at
the precinct motor pool,
He's hooking you up.
You know,
woz, you don't have to do that.
It's better she learns that
not everyone has a motor pool.
I know, but take advantage
of it, all right?
Home safe.
Safe tomorrow.
Bought you a beer.
Man, you can't cuff
me out here for an hour.
Save it for later.
I got my lawyer.
You don't get a lawyer.
All you get is me.
Look, ain't no
big play here.
Jamarr and i sold alone
looking to make a quick dollar,
Not wrestle corners.
It wouldn't be
if your buddy jamarr
Hadn't taken a shot
at a cop.
You'd be in a lot
less trouble now, my friend.
Hey, jamarr
didn't even have a piece.
He got popped playing
video games.
I find that very hard
to believe.
I was there.
Had to bolt before
he shot my ass too.
Pig's lucky i didn't have
my own piece.
I'd have put two
between his eyes
Before the bitch could blink.
Did you tell anybody that?
Like i said,
I want my lawyer.
Let me ask you something,
earl.
You got kids?
Hell, no.
I wrap my junk up.
That's good.
If you were a father,
i'd have to think twice.
From what i understand,
You're a selfish prick
with a blatant disregard
For innocent life,
who happens to have information
That could hurt someone
that i love,
So you leave me
with two options.
Book you,
Keep a clean conscience
and my head down,
But i make
the hard choices, earl.
I sacrifice for the needs
of the neighborhood,
And you, my friend,
Are on the other side
of that scale.
What the hell, man?
Man, no, please.
Please, i--i won't say anything.
Don't be playing me, man.
I won't say anything,
please, just--
Please don't--
man, please.
Please, i'm begging you.
Please.
For the greater good, earl.
I protect and serve it.
He knows, doesn't he?
What we did.
Look, he'll protect you.
He'll expect loyalty,
But he'll protect you.
What do you mean by "loyalty"?
It depends on the day.
Hey, sorry i'm late.
Hey.
I don't have a lot of time.
Linda's got me shopping
for the barbecue tonight.
You celebrating your team's
impeccable performance record?
We're covered
on your end, right?
Loman officially made
a clean shoot.
Hey, as far as i'm concerned,
Your rookie,
He did us all a favor.
The kid might be worth
protecting.
Well, it's all about
protecting harlee.
You know that.
I want to bring her
in on the job.
Not until we have to.
These people value discretion.
We make them happy,
we all benefit.
One night
providing security only.
One night, lieutenant.
Where did you get that?
This is the piece of jewelry
that you wear the most.
My daughter gave it to me.
Now it's her gift
to the criminal justice system.
You never said anything
about wearing a wire.
I didn't say anything
about a lot of things.
That's how this works,
so turn around.
I got to set it.
I said turn around...
Now.
Lift your hair.
Stay out of my apartment.
There's a camera in the stone.
Audio's in the setting.
It emits a signal
that we can pick up
From within a few hundred yards.
Are you done yet?
Say something
so i can test it.
These are good people.
- Yo, woz.
- Hey, yo, yo, mami.
Oh, you gorgeous girl.
Oh, glad to see
you could make it.
Why are you always late?
Why can't you ever be on time?
- Right?
- Ah.
Fruit.
I know, nobody
eats fruit at a barbecue.
All righty.
Come back for more.
We get it.
Next to the laundry.
But the laundry room
went downstairs.
That's what we did.
So woz will go immediately--
Is there a charger anywhere?
Oh, it's all good.
- Hey.
Oh, he's burning
the burgers again.
What would the man
do without us?
Goes both ways.
No, I have a kid,
so you and i--
I think you're gonna start
getting into, like,
Professional cooking.
No, i'll let you come over
for that.
In here.
What is it?
What's the matter?
What happened?
Every betrayal
begins with trust.
- What betrayal?
The one that you
never see coming.
One that you--
You don't--you don't
think to look for.
You anticipate--
You anticipate certain--
Certain--certain things.
That's how you survive.
But not this.
Not this.
What happened?
Not happened--
it's happening.
There's a rat.
There's a rat!
An fbi informant
On my team!
I need to kill it.
And you're gonna help me
Because you're the only one
I trust.
Synced and corrected by VitoSilans
- http://subscene.com/ -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org